<!-- After learning ERDs and SQL queries, have students build a sqlite db that uses the table requirements of the
Bangazon group project they will do 
 -->

From the original exercise:
You will create a series of prompts that will allow the user to create various types of data in your ordering system.

    Your team must have full test coverage for all functionality. Start with writing unit tests.
    All classes and methods must be fully documented with docstrings.

File-Based Relational Data Specifications

You must have the data generated by the program persist on disk, so that each time you start Bangazon, you don't have to enter in all of you data from scratch. You will be using files that store a serialized version of an object that you will load, and then be using in memory while the program is running.

    Create a customers file. This file will store a serialized object that contains the following information.
        A unique customer id (integer).
        All information collected about the user (see prompts above).

    Create a payment_options file. This file will store a serialized object that contains the following information.
        A unique payment option id (integer).
        Payment option name.
        Payment option account number.

    Create a products file. This file will store a serialized object that contains the following information.
        A unique product id (integer).
        Product name.
        Product price.

    Create a orders file. This file will store a serialized object that contains the following information.
        A unique order id (integer).
        The order's customer id.
        The order's payment option id.
        Whether the order has been paid in full.

    Create a order_line_items file. This file will store a serialized object that contains the following information.
        A unique line item id (integer).
        The order id.
        The product id.
